I'll show you a little bit today
your job doing it in this makeup for
girls spring color type on the ultimate
but at the same time somehow mean them
saturation start with concealer i need
the very lightest
I will continue to do a bunch of tons airbrush
so they will close our girl her
clothes falling epson
now fix the tons using
now we make a dark sculptor
correction by deceived and collection
I remember we will choose school
can't fill up so flat floor
about
sale wanted your tango loud
neck
and then using time to manifest them
beautiful
I am therefore all
on 1 5 we turned cleaned
pens
there is no flour
I can someone else then
and put
further gentle fresh every latina
more or shoppers and usual
back to the previous part
wall
moved away
now fluffy brush with lesser water
maltsev laughed hands
black mass our bottom corner
all i do is brown brown we wear ourselves
lumbar
to Lena to create large
also in black color following small
arrow
white arrow need shadow
look at non black sera
get started
lower lash line so gone into
ikse to tear and draw
connect the top and delay shake off
extra shade
and peach pink light milky
shade
press at least the whole brush for more
whether our freshness is in vain we will make
white light
eye mucous liner
on this our makeup is ready here such
fresh we cut the fun image turned out
he is very consistent with us
and looks like in my model
character, I think that many will like
thank you very much for watching up
new meetings